---
title: "Thesis manuscript"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2022-04-11-phd
excerpt: "My manuscript was approved by reviewers! A confidentiality applies until April 2023."
date: 2022-04-11
venue: 'theses.fr'
paperurl: 'https://www.theses.fr/s343784'
citation: 'Solène Tarride (2022). Combination of physical and textual knowledge for historical register recognition. INSA Rennes.'
---

See [this page](https://www.theses.fr/s343784).

### Keywords 
Historical documents, Document Layout Analysis, Handwriting Recognition, Information Extraction, Synthetic Document Generation

### Abstract
This thesis focuses on automatic recognition of historical French registers. These documents contain a series of records, and contain valuable information for genealogists.
We present three main contributions.
Firstly, we introduce a hybrid methodology for document layout recognition, combining neural networks and logical rules. We demonstrate the strength of this approach, especially when few training documents are available.
Secondly, we focus on automatic handwritten text understanding .  
We adapt an attention-based neural network for this task and demonstrate that combining handwriting recognition and named entity recognition increases performance. We also study various training strategies for multi-task and multi-scale analysis. 
Finally, we adress synthetic document generation, modeling the textual content and the visual appareance of real records. This approach is crucial as it allows to reduce the dependancy on annotated documents, which is a key issue in this work.

### PDF
The full text is not avaliable at the moment - a confidentiality clause is effective until April 2023. 